Add dev meeting notes for 2026-06-05 (#9001)
Couchers-org/couchers: docs/meetings/dev/2026-06-05.md

**Present**: Aapeli, Bruna, Chris, Darren, Jesse, Nicole, Olivier, Tristan, Valeriia

**Scribe**: Tristan

## Notes

- Valeriia showed draft of new press & media page for early feedback
- Nicole showed how to use the ticket board
- Tristan invited new devs to be backend PRs reviewers
- Tristan suggested we remove virtual events, Nicole there are very few, general agreement. Tristan to create ticket
- Jesse noted events are often not added to communities, decision: Nicole to add "add to community checkbox"
- Tristan suggested `#whats-new` Slack channel. Decision: do it
- Nicole reviewed board tasks
- Aapeli showed the feature flag dashboard at `express.couchershq.org`
- Jesse mentioned we're not getting enough reports. Action: Darren to make the flag more visible throughout (make it accent color).
- Aapeli explained Over-The-Air (OTA) updates. WebView (frontend) / JS (React code) / Native code (JS interpreter, etc.). OTA allows us to update the middle bit without store updates. Aapeli to write docs.

### What everyone's working on

- **Bruna**: Fixing alignment issue for user names in the community view.
- **Aapeli**: Working on mobile app (OTA updates) and backend.

> - **Nicole**: Finishing up dashboard 2.0. Reviewing frontend PRs. Mobile fixes (mobile should be good). Pending update/delete discussion posts. Next to work on communities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Nicole**: Finishing up dashboard 2.0. Reviewing frontend PRs. Mobile fixes (mobile should be good). Pending update/delete discussion posts. Next to continue work on public trips.
```
